more NTTTCP info (#89246)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-network/virtual-network-bandwidth-testing.md

> [!NOTE]
> The sender **and** receiver must specify **the same** test duration
parameter (-t).
>

> > The IP Address in both Sender and Reciever commands is the Reciever's IP address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The IP address in both Sender and Receiver commands is the Receiver's IP address.
```
Fixing capitalization and typos

> 

> > The -r and -s flags are no longer required for the reciever and sender parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The -r and -s flags are no longer required for the receiver and sender parameters.
```
Typo
